= Manuscript

<b>Manuscript</b> is a wildly simple website publishing system built on Rack using Sinatra (http://github.com/sinatra/sinatra). It's intended
for use with Hot Ink (http://github.com/hotink/hotink), but as you'll see when we talk about set-up, you can roll it anyway you'd like.

Manuscript is meant to handle very simple static content websites. For example: http://cup.ca. The very simple admin interface allows users to
upload template files (like images and css), to write templates (to hold the code), and write page text in Markdown (to make page maintenance
easy).

== Roll your own database

Getting a database in shape for Manuscript to use production is a little complicated at the moment, but it's manageable. To start off, install the gem:

  gem install manuscript --source http://gemcutter.org

Then, clone this repository (this is only used to configure the database) wherever you want to <b>deploy</b> your Manuscript:

  git clone git://github.com/chrisdinn/manuscript.git

Edit the ActiveRecord configuration settings in <tt>Rakefile</tt>, at the bottom in the <tt>:environment</tt> task. You can name your database
whatever you want. Like so: 

  task :environment do
    require 'manuscript'
    ActiveRecord::Base.establish_connection :adapter => 'sqlite3', :database =>  'manuscript.sqlite3.db' 
  end 
 
Then, in the project's directory:

  rake db:migrate

Now you've got a ready-for-production database.

== Setting up your Manuscript

In the repository directory, edit the file called <tt>config.ru</tt> to match your desired set up:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'manuscript'

  ActiveRecord::Base.establish_connection :adapter => 'sqlite3', :database =>  'manuscript.sqlite3.db'

  use Rack::Session::Cookie
  use Gatekeeper::Middleware do |sso|
    sso.sso_url = "http://hotink.theorem.ca/sso"
  end
  use Manuscript::Keymaster, :hotink_account_id => 1
  use Manuscript::PageManager
  use Manuscript::TemplateManager
  use Manuscript::TemplateFileManager
  run Manuscript::Base.new

Manuscript::Keymaster works with the Gatekeeper gem to handle authentication with a Hot Ink SSO server. If your Hot Ink installation is located somewhere
else, be sure you set its address in the Gatekeeper::Middleware config block shown above. Set the Manuscript::Keymaster config option :hotink_account_id
to the id number of the Hot Ink account that owns this Manuscript.

You can then deploy this like any other Rack app. You can even test it out:

  rackup config.ru

To start settings things up, visit "/admin" from your application's host and port.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Chris Dinn. See LICENSE for details.
